everybody welcome Eckener in line please
binding my scabbard plus we're back baby
we're winning games the conspiracy
theory that pardon me
it's ramming speed not curve torn the
conspiracy theory that the game has
gotten harder I don't know brief manic
moment of delusion benign lnq HCS we got
an item that charges us up not an excel
orchid we've got an item that charges us
up our trinket sorry that charges us up
when we fight bosses we have good speed
which we have not had for like two runs
here it's nice but we're not starting
with mega we did have mega on our last
run say with me those were the days I'm
sorry I can't play you yet forget a lot
of HP i hohoho okay could consider it
but present situation is not the right
time for that what is this run looking
great for right now well the damage is
bad the rate of fire on the other hand
is quite good and being able to get for
sure a charge on our card when we go
into our boss fight is something you
know if we get a double card or a
strength card that helps us actually get
value out of those cards instead of what
happens a lot of the time which is we
get a strength card and then we never
use it because we're holding something
else and we go out you know the time is
not right
fest is nothing wrong with that it's
kind of an awkward time to take pills
because if it's like a bad trip we're
really under the gun maybe we should
consider that before we you know commit
to recklessly taking any kind of
pharmaceutical to the game spawns for us
at this point that is a key we do need
that and we do have credit card and mmm
need a bomb to make that work honestly
what we might want to do with credit
card sure we could use it to get a free
deal with the devil but I sort of feel
like the right call is to just get a
bunch of free items right now the moving
box lets you unpack stuff in like a
future room really I will take this of
course
and then we get buddy in a box what's
the bus think about this what's the
purpose of the moving box you know what
when in doubt look it up maybe
somebody's already done the hard work
for us moving box Issac oh my god so
many sponsored ads here moving box not
on the website I mean I just got like
moving boxes Vancouver if the box is
empty picks up all items and pickups in
a room and stores them if the box is not
empty places all stored items and
pickups in the current room stealing is
not possible you can pack up the items
without starting the challenge both
items presented by there's options and
more options can be taken if you used on
boss rush one of the objects is packed
up but the rush is not started so okay
we should take this and what's the
what's the game plan use it to steal
well not steal but if you get like a
double item you can take both of them
instead of having to choose it's
particularly relevant for some deal with
add angel deal with an angel
deal with the devil archetypes no tinted
rock that I can see there so obviously
like we can pick up something like
there's options on love and life but
barring something like there's options
which is not low percentage but not
particularly high percentage we're more
likely to probably use this to
consolidate items in a single room for
like I don't know reroll in purpose
azure something but we might as well at
least give it a try you know not every
item has an obvious impact right off the
bat sometimes they have subtle impacts
that you have to play around with a
little while to figure them out like
scapular for example you know the first
time you get scapular you go you know
amazing scapular I'm so excited
you realize eventually that it's among
the most powerful items in the game okay
we can move our mouse pointer now and
can close the Isaac wiki we're why did
we hit we were so fast for about a
quarter of a second
so I don't think there's any value in
using this right off the bat I guess we
can store
consumables in it for whatever reason
but the big draw is we should use it at
some point if there's any value to it
because there's no point in saving it
because we do have the you know whatever
the trinket is called hairpin that gives
you charges instantly when you go to
your boss fight three dollar bill an
item I got to be honest I'm really
guilty of underrating and or at least in
particular been really guilty of
underrating in the past so this seems
like an obvious play here right okay we
need to get the charge back so we can
suck everything up here but we can not
have to use a bomb to grab consumables
that are over there I never would have
considered that as a possible benefit
but I have to admit that it is and I
guess the more items that we can kind of
haul around the better it is for us I
think we can pack up spider but because
if we ever get a d6 or D 100 or a you
know a crack dice room or something like
that we want as many items to be stored
up in the moving box as possible I think
I'm starting to learn a little bit about
this item so I'm actually going to break
my own rule here to make this work I'm
going to use a bomb here to grab a key
then I'm going to suck these up and then
I'm going to go into here hope there's a
battery charge which there is by the
battery charge I'm going to dump all the
stuff off here including the bomb see if
there's some pennies here and I did that
because I know we're going to get a
charge when we let me fight our boss so
hear me out here our next charge we're
going to come back grab all that stuff
and then the idea is hopefully we can
add more to it in the future
I know it's bordering on probably this
being a little ridiculous but bear out
or bear with me here as I try to bear
out the results of my little experiment
we'll see if anything good comes to
fruition here because I'm back baby
I'm waiting runs three in a row
who would have thought buddy in a box
like is that what has spectral tears
right now or is that a result of the
occasional three dollar bill or maybe a
little bit of both I'm not sure so we're
going to get a guaranteed deal with the
devil I could really use good DPS that's
a start dude that's a start that's
pretty good I don't think I care about
little delirium it's just not quite good
enough I'll be content with my new
damage upgrades and the speed is not
that bad either for being honest here so
we're going to come down and I want to
drop infinity items later in the run so
there we go suck all this up I don't
really have a goal I'm short on
long-term goals on this run I don't know
what we're going to do with the moving
box but if we ever find the opportunity
to be role even if we find a two room or
a three room this could be not huge but
big sort of I think the big draw is like
it seems like if you take it to boss
rush you basically get to steal a free
item and then leave but you don't get to
choose the item I think it just takes
one of them
we'll have to see though in action when
we actually get in there if we actually
get in there but it looks fairly likely
we can make it happen
we're early on enough to make it happen
at least and then apart from that I
guess maybe it's a nice little addition
to void but not fully convinced
we'll see I mean we don't have void
there's options again I think I've
touched on this enough but there's
options is sweep so my game plan for now
is I mean if it's a good passive item we
should just pick it up but if it's a bad
passive item wave if we use moving box
on the shop do we steal items in the
shop if so we should have been stolen
the items in the shop that means we can
dump all of our stuff off in the shop
and then pick it back up right after we
do the boss and grab anything else from
the shop along with it and then we can
pick it up for rooms later for free or
take it with us till the end of time
which apparently is how we're handling
it right now so I mean I mean I'm kind
of spinning my wheels here
conversationally I don't really know
where I'm going with the moving box but
what I do know is I'm having a good time
trying to make it happen we might be
exclusively on red hearts right now so
slow your roll a little bit right can't
get in there that makes sense don't have
any keys excuse me can't get in there
right don't have any keys that makes
sense that makes perfect sense
everything you're saying to me right now
makes sense
do have a battery charge you got that
for free kind of operating under the
principle that maybe it's a good idea to
always have it okay we didn't take
damage
dude the black rune everything's coming
together the blank rune allows us to
eventually take all of the items we had
no use for and suck them all up into the
world's greatest stat increase ever we
got to play our cards right though
because right now next charge is dumping
then we got enough battery charges
sitting around on the ground charge
after that is sucking it feels weird to
say there's probably more creative uses
for this by the way they could get into
some interesting stuff as well but I'm
going to choose to just stick with
things as they are for now you know
we've got a plan we'll try to execute on
this plane if it works awesome if it
doesn't less awesome but come on 1.87
luck you're not going to give me a key
and you're going to make me use a buddy
in a box to do all the damage because we
got like ptosis fire mind or something
forbidden fruit no consumables dude yo
but this is not fair though is the thing
you see the problem is you're not being
fair right now so we use a bomb that's
good there is a key okay so step one
with the key is probably the shop I want
to see if this works
and maybe on the shop we buy a key first
to go to the item room
so we dumped them and then you want to
go back here cuz we're getting a free
charge anyway you grab this what happens
if you suck up the box I don't know no
okay it only sucks up the stuff that was
actually down there that's a bummer but
acceptable
Ludovico technique say what you will
about it I know you will but three
dollar bill is sweet as heck
so our next charge dumps stuff it
doesn't actually matter that much now we
have all these cool three dollar bill
effects that we don't need to be
standing right next to the enemy to take
advantage of we have two HP what I'm
getting at mostly is that if we get fire
mind we can do so from a safe distance
prompt ptosis as well so I think this
run is starting to come together here
I'll take the HP I'm not going to dump
our items off we definitely want to
continue to have charges so here's my
strategy if we see an item we don't like
ever because the shop strat clearly does
not work if we see an item we don't like
ever we pick it up so we can dump it
down later
it's like Ernest scared stupid we got to
turn all the camp counselors into weird
little wooden dolls and then fulfill our
collection of them
and then later we use a single black
rune and get like help these champions
dude they don't make them like this
anymore
we made it what we got algae's I mean we
could dump everything here and suck up a
nalgas room but I'm really adhering to
this black ruin strategy I think there's
there's meat to it all unlimited bombs
it's pretty solid let's prove it let's
go we needed that and the guarantee it's
actually a synergy I wouldn't have
expected but the guaranteed charge from
the boss fight seems actually pretty
appropriate for this combination of
items we've made it
it means we're destined to get at least
a few charges per floor and one of them
we can time it exactly right so I'm
bummed by our deal with the devil
progress here but I'm like stoked that
we're going to survive the only thing we
need to make sure is that I mean we keep
in mind for one we can also suck up
active items we don't get to use them
but and that's I mean I guess what we
would want but we suck up active items
and then we can use those for black rune
later pretty bad placement there but
[Music]
so we if we want to we should buy items
on the shop but it only if the money
really makes sense can't replace our
trinket only if the money really makes
sense which it does right now thankfully
but because like if we buy an item we're
not going to get to use the item we're
buying the item to basically buy a
random stat increase would we normally
pay 15 cents for a random stat increase
depending on the situation yeah I mean
if we haven't gotten stacked doesn't
seem like a bad use of our money as long
as you got enough of it to go around
this is our moment anyway so let's see
what we got in here it's a bad active so
we dumped we don't need to keep dumping
the consumables like that's we probably
just want to pick those up we go in here
you fight greed I would love to have
Steam sale so I'm not going to pick that
up I'm not predicting that this is going
to be like the greatest role of all time
by the way on the on the black rune dice
but it would be pretty cool so check
this out we got pretty lucky because we
actually have a stars card now I'm just
a little skeptical about bow stretch by
the way because I don't know why I said
it like Baus rush as well but a little
skeptical about it bow rush because we
got some work to do here
we're a little slow is that a hot glass
to them algae's room we need the Stars
card for now and then we need black rune
later so the algae's room does not have
a there's no shell that fits it
hopefully we beat the odds and get a
deal with the devil that we basically
have no business with
what he's like fully solid at the back
there bro
he's been cultivating mass for four
years just to kick our butt we could
really use some damage like we did it
was really nice and we had ten damage
there temporarily I thought my dreams
had come true someone's been reading my
diary instead we just get HP it's okay
take it go back here you suck up all
these items it's more fodder for the
eventual black rune which we also need
to take with us and it would be really
sweet to make boss rush happen we're
like two minutes behind schedule not
optimistic our damage is not such that I
feel like optimism is warranted here we
might have to forego boss rush save it
for a future run with you know a similar
kind of make up of items moving box has
only been in the game for like eight
days or something like that so
we're not really close so we're not
really close to death but we're also not
killing things particularly quickly that
was like a fail-safe move right there
we're not killing things particularly
quickly so we're kind of cutting that
weird little gulch between like the
damage we feel like we need to be doing
and then being able to get there as a
result to the fact that of course we are
taking damage to strength cards in a
black room well that is a pickle not
really we're going to keep our black
room for obvious uses later now this may
be I want a good passive here that's not
really a good passive sure it gives me
some extra bombs but I think it's worth
you know just sucking that item up and
turning it into a stat increase later I
guess if we had to we can also in a fit
of desperation we could take all of our
items that we've stored up and injected
or not injected that's absurd but eject
it like we were a sea cucumber ejecting
our gonads into the seed to distract the
predator from you know the delicious sea
cucumber flesh look it up it actually
happens so the the panic move is we do
that black room get a huge statistical
increase it's like going super saiyan
but right now it's like going baby super
saiyan we need stack up like triple the
items and then I'll feel good about
cracking into that would become like
whoever the strongest super saiyan is I
don't know Gogeta
go go tanks or something like that get
sucked up okay
36 percent chance to deal with the devil
well you got to admit is better than it
was on the last floor this is probably a
secret room dude
can this guy get ammo like can you
remove some of his ability to just fire
bones endlessly you never get a once
that guy gets you in his sights and
soldier 76 except with a bone soldier 69
no don't even try it
two spirit hearts is too good I almost
can't possibly okay fine I'll accept it
no not me and kg we're not the kind of
capacity to lead all right we'll do it
willingly as two kings wait a freaking
leanness to King okay so it's like I'm
no Jack Black felt like a referential
moment so I took it full card not
relevant it's gonna say referential for
a second time there it's not fitting
though okay what do we want to hear we
got so much money I want not greed in
our shop good passive bad active good
passive improves our run bad active
really any active will probably buy to
become a stat increase but it would feel
like a bit of a waste if you like bought
red candle for that but we'd still do it
because it's the right course of action
I think we got enough bombs by the way
I've been like seriously mistaken
freaking leaders to key you got it and
then I mean you like gotta so what's the
actual game plan now right first we need
a battery charge but well it's quite
simple
now you spit out all the items wherever
you're able to and then you pick up
crooked penny and you try to double them
and then after you've tried to double
them you use black room whether or not I
actually go for the doubling will
depends on how our run looks at that
point might be as well I mean it's a
hundred percent is safer bet it might be
a better bet - just take the guaranteed
X number of stat increases and I'm
leaning towards that right now because I
mean have you seen the run as it stands
is kind of like a little underpowered
twenty minutes - depths one come with me
okay definitely do not accidentally use
the space bar item right now because you
will lose all your items forever but
anyway I've reserved the right to try
though that's the Seine and a half and
if it works old baby anyway what I was
going to say is I've been mistakenly
under the impression that turbo bombs
make the bombs explode faster this is
not the case
turbo bombs make it so you can place
bombs faster what a hilarious
misunderstanding thank God for this poop
man this guy's relentless no deal we
want this item so that's great news
we'll head down to our next floor to be
a great floor to get mama mega also a
great floor to not forget about the fact
that you're probably going to deposit
some items somewhere
even though curse of the lost is going
to make you seem like you're good to go
you might want to double-check your map
for your vacate the premises just be
good time for two of diamonds more shop
items aisa hearts pretty much the same
thing what am i complaining about arcade
little risky because our HP is not I
mean it's quite high actually but our
ability to survive on that HP is not
great but I'll tell you what we'll play
a little bit we could use the luck I
would like blood bag go one more oh we
got our v bag we should if possible
suck up IV bag just to add one more item
to the collection now it might be a
little finicky in here
remember the guaranteed bossfight
battery charge doesn't mean as much
because we need a teleport card to take
advantage of it now that we got a
battery charge right off the bat I think
we take it think we just play it safe it
should be a big enough floor to get
everything sucked up here it is a little
finicky you know why not add a little
more to the top here just in case it is
going to be a little finicky but I got
the utmost faith that we can make this
work for ourselves I believe all of the
consumables are going to turn into a
single penny let me use the black room
so we might want to pick those up the
actual ideal for us is that it actually
just does not matter right we have no
boss rush I was I was actually I was
catching myself thinking like well how
we're going to handle boss rush because
we want to make sure that we're sucking
items up not putting items down when we
start boss rush I guess you could just
put them down and then pick up one item
and then suck them all up and then
what's the point of doing boss rush
you're only picking up one item and then
you're doing boss rush so that's just
doing boss rush that's not anything
special I think we just take blood bag
and say thank you for the opportunity
speed up means more the less damage we
have and our DPS is pretty subpar five
point nine three damage it's not
terrible but you know we're not killing
most enemies as quickly as I'd like and
that battery charge is huge so now we at
least can get an item from our shop or
item room if we want to and it will
require the right kind of items to be in
there ie bad items so we could suck up
both the polaroid and the negative and
then pop them down later and suck up the
negative or the polaroid for that matter
with the black room I don't think we
should because it just it introduces
another element of uncertainty in the
sense that we need to be able to have
two charges one to put all of our items
down and then another to suck them all
plus Polaroid backup and we need them
all to be on the same room because we
can't get back into alright we can't get
back out of the mob fight once we go in
without risking losing black room so
yeah it's kind of complicated here I
feel like I might be using the moving
box wrong or I might be moving it or
using it so right that society hasn't
like caught up to me as a total powder
situation happens to me all the time you
know you're just a little too advanced
for the for the sheeple out there and
you come up with these bold strategies
right off the dome piece that everyone
goes oh my god you must have worked in
the field of moving box technology for
years and I say no son this is my first
day on the job and then they create hand
me a crisp $100 percent bill good good
damage that's that sacrificial damage to
the damage god there's no point in Steam
sale here so I'm going to use one bomb
if we buy Steam sale it's gone this is
sick though so you buy this and then you
use it it didn't make the item I wanted
to be free free there's a teleport card
but
then you suck it all up like so and
we've added another item to our
collection good good damage that's so we
call in the business we call that good
damage because it was a smart idea to do
that and totally wasn't a mistake to get
hit twice on the same room then here
this is I mean actually amazing but we
couldn't have really done anything
differently if we'd wanted to so
pyromaniac does an unbelievably positive
thing for us here it's not impossible to
die but it's pretty hard to do so now so
we really should just save our HP for
that or save our bombs for HP at this
point I think there we go
well it's pretty much the best possible
we can't get hit by mom's foot anymore
so we should just leave the tier on top
of us whenever possible although now we
can't get hit by fire mine explosions
anymore either so life's good man you're
deflecting me but you are not deflecting
the tear we have a hundred percent deal
with the devil chance which is
incredible at least for now
[Music]
but we don't I mean we sort of we could
no we can't suck it up we're just paying
to have a spear at heart it's not the
right call third to have a demon heart I
should say and we take this with us now
I think we start to get a little I
wouldn't say concerned but I will say it
might be the right time to start
thinking about use in the black room in
fact that might have been the right time
to use the black room dump all of our
items by Satanic Bible and then use
black rune on all of the items including
the moving box which we no longer need
but I don't think we lose much by you
know extending our run a little bit
longer in the absurd direction we're not
getting too many more items we're not
getting item rooms at all and we're not
going to shops at all getting one item
from each boss occasionally right like
it's just going to slow us down here re
are our growth is going to slow down a
little bit by virtue of where we are in
the run now we could go to the chest and
try to suck up every item we get on the
chest the reason I sort of don't like
that is because we never get any time
then to play around with the items that
we got or the stat bonuses that we got
from the chest so I think that maybe
this is our time so I'm going to do this
floor with the the standard protocol and
then I'm going to go for the greatest
like octo black rune play in Earth's
short history from a cosmic sense at
least so it's going to happen pretty
fast here this also gives us the benefit
of being able to black room whatever
this item is if we hate it or if it's a
space bar item like the ability to fly
we could take that in black or in the
moving box which would be oh okay well
you know as predicted in literally like
the last sentence I honored
could be interesting I think we'd rather
have the ability to fly then pick up the
moving box again but you know what I'm
content to say the moving box I still
have no idea how it works but it was fun
to use here we got to deal with the
devil anyway which is surprising we
could get a passive ability oh can you
dump all the stuff here and then you
take this instead but not did you go for
the extra bombs let's do it I'll take it
it's 2 HP for a passive ability to fly
and then the active ability to fly will
use for its active effect what kind of
person would I be if I didn't try to
double this especially now that I have
the passive ability to fly moving box
don't let me down he's done it
get some Sun alright that was I stood
off out of my chair and that's
ridiculous but look at that the stats
were out of control and we go crooked
penny for us your long-term as well I
have no idea like go back you can see
but it was like a five damage or four
damage increase maybe a for a better
tear stat we're had to speed right now a
shot speeds through the roof our luck
went up by five was actually like we
just you know won a game of Monopoly in
a single swing right there I was like
look alright give credit where credit is
due we got lucky with that crooked penny
play but we sacrificed a little bit to
make the moving box work and it worked
and then we walked into a red pooping
invalidated my you know craves of myself
oh dude that was pretty sweet that might
be moving box 101 but come on we
orchestrated a plan on we don't need any
of these consumables we orchestrated a
plan on like the caves one and we wrote
it all the way down to the womb one and
it
paid off it's not the craziest run we've
ever seen like the stats are still not
in fact the shot speed is almost a
little annoying it's so fast yeah I know
I'm so rich my wallet is it makes my
butt fall asleep when I sit on it I get
I'm complaining about having great stats
nobody wants to hear that but it's like
I'm telling you about Lovelace and I'm
saying he's got mad weapons - I ain't
trying to hear that 14 bombs we should
pick up every bomb I know this one back
here this is just like protect your
investment you know we made a good play
on this run don't let it die for no
reason sure we could play those blood
banks I think that would be stupid I
think that would be an idiot decision
than an idiot would make and they say
that a man who represents himself in
court has a fool for his client well
ladies and gentlemen of the jury I am
that fool name that movie Barry
Sonnenfeld 1992 RAL Julia in the title
role well a lot of people in the title
role technically because it's the Addams
Family get IMDb's son
so I'm you can feel what the devil will
be nice don't get me wrong I don't
deserve it took some bad damage didn't
get a deal with the devil that's life we
have one obligation right now and it's
to ourselves we have two obligations one
to ourselves one of the audience we got
to win this run because we brought the
ruckus and it would hurt to bring the
ruckus and then have the ruckus be
removed as if a you don't need to bring
the ruckus somebody else signed up to
bring the ruckus you were supposed to
bring cups like the that's such an
unrealistic joke because nobody who's
ever signed up to bring cups has
forgotten cups cups for the easiest job
at the potluck we've talked about this
like 70 times
everybody wants cups and then you know
you're sorry
Jeremy's already on cups alright well
take place well actually cups is like
all paper flatware so Jeremy's got
plates too and yes forks and knives
I guess I'll bring soda that's like the
second always somebody wants to sign up
I'll bring my grandma's special potato
salad recipe shut up Jennifer it's just
a jar of mayonnaise and a can of little
white potatoes mashed together it's not
that good nobody wants to tell you
grandma stole it out of a cookbook
called making it work in the Great
Depression not that there's anything
wrong with that but it's like you know
bringing it dirt so I'm not insulting
potato salad I just I'm picking a fight
with the wrong food we already have one
no we don't have one steam cell today
again steam sale I wish it did something
else not because it's bad but because
when you pick it up at this point of the
game you just go oh okay like it
actually there is no world in which the
Steam sale provides you with any benefit
unless if you did a victory lap but you
can't do a victory lap if you're on the
Cathedral so
you know get dunked on discourse we're
not quite as safe as I would like to be
but I would say we're not far away from
safety of course I'm going to try to use
a swallowed penny which is actually
crooked penny more frequently I'm just
stoked that we are hurtling towards this
is like wind three or four in a row I
think I might be back I'm hoping I'm
back this run was never amazing but it
did start with a little bit of momentum
and the stat increase just like kicked
it into high gear I mean we were like
twenty-eight minutes or something when
we got out of the oil cheese and I mean
that's fine we're at like twenty-eight
minutes when we got out of the the
depths to so within six minutes we made
it down to the Cathedral it's a pretty
good stock they also have nineteen
health and reserve if you count all of
our bombs here so it's not very likely
that we're going to die not all tear
effects created equal but that's a
perfect one for that room there we go
I've just dawned on me I don't even
remember what Virgo does it's occasional
invincibility after we take damage I
think it's an item that usually is so
irrelevant
I barely remember that it even exists
the invincibility could prove useful
sometimes bomb bag I mean it's more HP
and reserved try to double our next
chests maybe or you know these guys they
can drop HP and we know it's HP please
just stop exploding
well it's not what we're looking for I
mean like HP upgrades in case that
wasn't abundantly clear he's going to
say it next chest we'll try to double
though that wing you can already
passively fly might have petered out a
little bit in terms of its like momentum
towards the end here but you got to
admit that's like a top top ten I don't
know because we've had some you know
good moments in Isaac over the years but
that's like a top ten afterbirth +
moment without a doubt finally using the
moving box properly to get some good
stuff done especially when you remember
the track record that led up to it
having that you know a few terrible
performances an ill founded conspiracy
theory about the game getting harder
then I only like 20% seriously believed
in but like if you believe in it too
then I like 95% believe in it actually
because like come on did you see the
results they speak for themselves might
have just been on Phil Full Tilt Poker
calm though but today we got a day
that's chock-full of wins in my
recording session at least got to take
that item and then you got to double
that one it's just science you take this
one you double that one look at that SMB
superfan mr. mega it's like you don't
even trust me to know how to play this
game anymore
it was weird okay this is Virgo thank
you so much for your help I was probably
going to be fine but I appreciate your
support nonetheless whatever dude you
can't hurt us
no void floor is perfect thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the episode if
you did click the like button I'll set a
great deal of course subscribe you don't
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time